Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox!
2	Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim.
3	Sphinx of black quartz judge my vow!
4	The five boxing wizards jump quickly.
5	Mr. Jock, TV quiz Ph.D., bags few lynx.
6	Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
7	Jackdaws love my sphinx of black quartz.
8	Sympathizing would fix Quaker objectives.
9	Five big quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed.
10	The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
11	Many-wived Jack laughs at probes of sex quiz.
12	Mix Zapf with Veljovic and get quirky Beziers.
13	Dumpy kibitzer jingles as exchequer overflows.
14	Puzzled women bequeath jerks very exotic gifts.
15	Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him.
16	Viewing quizzical abstracts mixed up hefty jocks.
17	Playing jazz vibe chords quickly excites my wife.
18	Jim just quit and packed extra bags for Liz Owen.
19	Five wine experts jokingly quizzed sample chablis.
20	William Jex quickly caught five dozen Republicans.
21	A large fawn jumped quickly over white zinc boxes.
22	Cozy lummox gives smart squid who asks for job pen.
23	Turgid saxophones blew over Mick's jazzy quiff.
24	Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow.
25	Exquisite farm wench gives body jolt to prize stinker.
26	Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz.
27	The vixen jumped quickly on her foe barking with zeal.
28	Five or six big jet planes zoomed quickly by the tower.
29	Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels.
30	My grandfather picks up quartz and valuable onyx jewels.
31	Six crazy kings vowed to abolish my quite pitiful jousts.
32	Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag.
33	The job of waxing linoleum frequently peeves chintzy kids.
34	Jack amazed a few girls by dropping the antique onyx vase!
35	How razorback-jumping frogs can level six piqued gymnasts!
36	We have just quoted on nine dozen boxes of gray lamp wicks.
37	May Jo equal the fine record by solving six puzzles a week?
38	West quickly gave Bert handsome prizes for six juicy plums.
39	Jay visited back home and gazed upon a brown fox and quail.
40	Fred specialized in the job of making very quaint wax toys.
41	Just keep examining every low bid quoted for zinc etchings.
42	Freight to me sixty dozen quart jars and twelve black pans.
43	Verily the dark ex-Jew quit Zionism, preferring the cabala.
44	A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats.
45	Jeb quickly drove a few extra miles on the glazed pavement.
46	All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge.
47	Grumpy wizards make toxic brew for the evil Queen and Jack.
48	The exodus of jazzy pigeons is craved by squeamish walkers.
49	We promptly judged antique ivory buckles for the next prize.
50	Back in June we delivered oxygen equipment of the same size.
51	Lazy movers quit hard-packing of papier-mache jewelry boxes.
52	While waxing parquet decks, Suez sailors vomit jauntily abaft.
53	How vexing a fumble, to drop a jolly zucchini in the quicksand!
54	Astronaut Quincy B. Zack defies gravity with six jet fuel pumps.
55	My help squeezed back in again and joined the weavers after six.
56	New farm hand (picking just six quinces) proves strong but lazy.
57	Alfredo just must bring very exciting news to the plaza quickly.
58	Back in my quaint garden jaunty zinnias vie with flaunting phlox.
59	Jaded zombies acted quaintly but k